Xiyue, even you think that a foreigner,
Is it equipped with this VIP exclusive?
You understand, you don't understand.
Someone come and clean up the dirty place.
I don't understand, I don't understand you.
Why is real estate sold like this to foreigners?
I don’t understand you either. Why is Quan so public?
Elephant here!
I don't care if he is corrupt.
Even if he tries out a building, he has to look forward to it.
Leave it to me
in my size
He is not qualified to speak to others
I shouldn't have had many children with your people
But he is so ruinous
Let's go
Don't affect Ms. Chen
No, I'll stay here
That’s the real way to report to the West
Don't even listen
I really regret letting you come over
Prince Fang Wu not only deeply remembers the punishment
And he has two hundred and five clans under him
Each of them is fighting against one enemy.
can separate the sky from the sea
He took advantage of the fact that King Wu hadn’t arrived yet
Judge Miss Chen’s face
As soon as you come to me, I will sit down
I think he can take advantage of me